everybody Andy here that quick little
hardware review now the last time I
reviewed a controller it was the for
hardcore gamers USB Saturn classic
controller and I like this guy a lot
it's a good controller a lot of fun to
play with just like the official play
Sega controller seems like the same
company made it this one the course was
made by g-tron today we're going to talk
about a replacement Sega Genesis
controller made by Tommy now Tommy if
you can see the brand there they make
the n64 controller are used in the
Hercules review there we go Genesis
controller and just for reference I have
a real Sega Genesis controller here as
well so we'll be comparing the two let's
go ahead and take the Tommy controller
out of the box and you'll see that
that's what it looks like it's got ABC
buttons XYZ and a floaty d-pad an ice
floating d-pad that makes pulling off
fatalities in Mortal Kombat nice way to
this thing it feels like a cheap piece
of junk it does have a mode button here
stroller um well tell you the truth one
thing I don't like is the official Sega
controller has a nice much bigger grip
on it so I mean the end point where it
connects is the same but there's just
that much extra room to grip it and get
it plugged into the system as far as the
quality of the buttons goes I got to say
hands down the Sega one is way better
this thing feels heavier it's made of a
much stronger plastic it just works a
lot better this is my favorite Genesis
style controller the d-pads though
however on these while this one's
obviously made cheaper it works just the
same so that part's nice it's a little
bit smaller than the official one one
problem I did see was whenever I'm
playing a game and I go to slide over
the next
especially the upper ones you'll get
your thumb caught on these so if you
look right here the stick-up kind of
high but they weren't good I've tested
it with Virtua Fighter 2 and a host of
other games and it works really well so
I mean for a buck 50 I'm not going to
complain I found them on Amazon under
the name retron or g-tron something like
that and they shipped me Tommy ones but
they work not really a bad idea for a
buck 50 I mean can't really go wrong so
if you're looking for replacement
Genesis controllers they work great
alright everybody good gaming